README.md, before:

# Tronbyt-Apps (formerly Tidbyt's Community repo)

[![Docs](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-tidbyt.dev-blue?style=flat-square)](https://tidbyt.dev)
[![Discourse](https://img.shields.io/discourse/status?server=https%3A%2F%2Fdiscuss.tidbyt.com&style=flat-square)](https://discuss.tidbyt.com/)
[![Discord Server](https://img.shields.io/discord/928484660785336380?style=flat-square)](https://discord.gg/r45MXG4kZc)

Tronbyt-Apps is a hard fork of the Tidbyt's Community repo. These apps have been developed by the [Tidbyt community][3] 🚀
This exists because the Tidbyt folks have stopped merging pull requests since their acquisition by Modal.

This repo is for publishing apps to all Tronbyt (formally Tidbyt) users. Interested in developing apps? Check out [Pixlet][2] and follow the [Hello, World!][4] tutorial. When your app is ready to publish, follow our guide below.

![Banner Image](docs/assets/banner.jpg)

📸 [Fuzzy Clock](apps/fuzzyclock/fuzzy_clock.star) by [Max Timkovich][5], photographed by [Tidbyt][1].

## Quick Start

You should really read our [contributions guide](docs/CONTRIBUTING.md), our guide on [Publishing Apps][6], and the section below before diving in. But if you just want to go for it, run the following to generate all the code you need:

```
pixlet create
```

Before submission, run the following to ensure your app is ready to publish:

```
pixlet check <your app>.star
```

## Frequently Asked Questions

Confused by the linter? Want to know where your app is in the release process? Checkout our [FAQ](https://tidbyt.dev/docs/publish/FAQ).

## Contributing Changes

First off, we're over the moon that you're here and want to share what you've been working on with the broader Tidbyt user base 🎉.

## Thanks

[1]: https://tidbyt.com
[2]: https://github.com/tidbyt/pixlet
[3]: https://discuss.tidbyt.com/
[4]: https://github.com/tidbyt/pixlet#hello-world
[5]: https://github.com/mtimkovich
[6]: https://tidbyt.dev/docs/publish/publishing-apps

Commit message:

App viewer pages (#41)
* Add a front-end app viewer (#40)

* Add a front-end app viewer

* Add page link to readme

* Remove vscode settings

* dompurify secuirty

* Code cleanup

* Fix images for github pages and link

* Fix github build

* Fix apps directory deployment

* Update README

* Cleanup redundant styles

* Better deploy

* clean up

* Redploy pages for testing

* use manifest

* Fix build

* Clean up gitlab pages

* fix urls again

* Fix paths, more buttons

* fix readme processing

* less jekyll

* fix environment

* Add favico

* And one more logo

* Add dot matrix mask, and more links

README.md, after:

# Tronbyt-Apps (formerly Tidbyt's Community repo)

[![Docs](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-tidbyt.dev-blue?style=flat-square)](https://tidbyt.dev)
[![Discourse](https://img.shields.io/discourse/status?server=https%3A%2F%2Fdiscuss.tidbyt.com&style=flat-square)](https://discuss.tidbyt.com/)
[![Discord Server](https://img.shields.io/discord/928484660785336380?style=flat-square)](https://discord.gg/r45MXG4kZc)

---

### **Discover, explore, and install hundreds of apps!**

**[🎯 View the Current Apps →](https://tronbyt.github.io/apps/app-viewer/)**

---

Tronbyt-Apps is a hard fork of the Tidbyt's Community repo. These apps have been developed by the [Tidbyt community][3] 🚀
This exists because the Tidbyt folks have stopped merging pull requests since their acquisition by Modal.

This repo is for publishing apps to all Tronbyt (formally Tidbyt) users. Interested in developing apps? Check out [Pixlet][2] and follow the [Hello, World!][4] tutorial. When your app is ready to publish, follow our guide below.

![Banner Image](docs/assets/banner.jpg)

📸 [Fuzzy Clock](apps/fuzzyclock/fuzzy_clock.star) by [Max Timkovich][5], photographed by [Tidbyt][1].

## Quick Start

You should really read our [contributions guide](docs/CONTRIBUTING.md), our guide on [Publishing Apps][6], and the section below before diving in. But if you just want to go for it, run the following to generate all the code you need:

```
pixlet create
```

Before submission, run the following to ensure your app is ready to publish:

```
pixlet check <your app>.star
```

## Frequently Asked Questions

Confused by the linter? Want to know where your app is in the release process? Checkout our [FAQ](https://tidbyt.dev/docs/publish/FAQ).

## Contributing Changes

First off, we're over the moon that you're here and want to share what you've been working on with the broader Tidbyt user base 🎉.

## Thanks

[1]: https://tidbyt.com
[2]: https://github.com/tidbyt/pixlet
[3]: https://discuss.tidbyt.com/
[4]: https://github.com/tidbyt/pixlet#hello-world
[5]: https://github.com/mtimkovich
[6]: https://tidbyt.dev/docs/publish/publishing-apps
